Please generate the Agent Swarm program using the Gemini API. The swarm's purpose is to playtest a board game, using rules in natural language in order to give feedback. 


1. The program should take several files as inputs. At least one of these files will include the rules for the board game. 
Additional resources for understanding the game may be included in other files. The user may input additional information about their game, such as what they want to look for in their playtest, in one of the files.

2. These files will be input into the Rules Agent (Gemini Pro), who will look over the rules and sythesize them into a restatement of the rules in natural language. This restatement should be displayed to the user, so that they can confirm the Rules Agent understands the rules fully. If the restatement of the rules is not correct, the user will correct the Agent, who will then restate the rules again. If the Agent ever has any questions about the rules (edge cases, unclear writing, etc.) they should ask the user before generating the rules restatement. 

3. Once the user approves of the rules restatement, it should be used to generate four programs: the Rule function, which makes sure that at a given board state, x, move M is a valid move (x -> P(M)); the execution function, which takes a game state, x, and a move, M, to get a new game state; a Eval function, which checks a game state, x, to see if one of the player agents has won the game; and a translation function, which takes a game state, x1, from one players perspective (including hidden information only accessible to that player); a game state from another players perspective, x2; and the player associated with the second game state, p, then outputs a game state, xOut, that removes all hidden information of the original player from x1, adds in all hidden information from the second player into x2, then gives the second player the updated game state. All functions should be in python. The agent should output the code so it can be viewed by the user. It should also create an initial game state, following the setup rules outlined in the rules restatement.   

4. The game should then be instantiated. All player agents should be created and given their own game state (from their perspective). The player agents should use Gemini flash. If players start with hidden information, their game state should include that hidden information. Each player should also have read access to the restated rules. The agents should have the context of their game state and the restated rules. They also should be instantiated with a prompt that tells them to try and win the game without breaking the rules (do not generate an extensive prompt, this will be handwritten later).

5. Then, the Agents should play the game. Any time a player makes a move, its game state should be used to validate the move/make sure the move is legal. If the move is legal, it should be input into the execution function to get a new game state for that player agent. The new game state should then be run throught the translation function to update each other agents game state. After each move, the current game state should be checked to see if any player agents have won. Additionally, every time a player agent makes a move, they should leave artifacts: the current game state, their move, and an explanation for why they made that move.

6. Once the game has been won, the Design Agent (Gemini Pro), should then look at the artefacts and the current restated rules. Using this information, it should critique the current design, focusing especially on any areas of intrest the user input when they initially input the rules. The design agent should also suggest potential fixes to these issues (new mechanics, adjusting existing mechanics, modifying cards/abilities, etc.). 

7. The program should output the suggestions and critique to the user, who can then accept suggestions or make new suggestions. At this time, the user should be able to view the Game Code (Rule, Execution, Evaluation, Translation, and Initail State), the rule Restatment, and the critique. If the user decides to modify the code in any way the restated code and the change should be sent back to the rules agent, restarting the loop.

If there are any questions about the implementation, please ask them before making an assumption or writing any code. Make sure to comment code and name variables in a logical and readable way. All code should be in python. 